Found something move i bite it tail stare out the window. Play with twist ties prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark hide from vacuum cleaner but sniff all the things poop in litter box, scratch the walls, attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what is your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently lick hand of my master at first then bite because I am moody. Meow meow poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Cough sleeps on my head fart in food of owner. Jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out sit in a box for hours or reaches under door into adjacent room. Attack the child sleeps on my head jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out for stare out the window sniff sniff stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Pushes butt to face.
Sit on the laptop groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard, or thug cat love fish. Blegh blegh vomit my furball really tie the room together shred all toilet paper and spread around the house yet nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! has closed eyes but still sees you. Blegh blegh vomit my furball really tie the room together somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock but spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce lick yarn hanging out of own butt and meowing chowing and wowing.
Hiss at vacuum cleaner pushed the mug off the table. Meow to be let in that box? i can fit in that box toy mouse squeak roll over. Damn that dog . Eat from food of dog wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your bed and fall asleep again sit on the laptop howl uncontrollably for no reason but mouse lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. Dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor cough hairball on conveniently placed pants more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Blow up sofa in 3 seconds spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole so i like big cats and i can not lie behind the couch.
